(perky music)
(keyboard keys clacking)
In this section we're going to look at arrays.
No you might be thinking, well, arrays,
this isn't a beginner programing course,
and most people have used arrays and that's true.
But this is a data structures course,
and the array is a data structure.
And so we're gonna start out by doing a very brief review of
how to use an array in JAVA
and then we're going to take a look the array
as a data structure, we're going to look at how arrays
are stored in memory, and why they're fantastic
for random access when you know the index
of the element that you want to access.
We're also going to look at what's called,
Big O Notation, it's a way of
measuring how an algorithm performs.
So let's move on and look at arrays.
I'll see you in the next video.